Ashley McGee
6201 Sneed Cove apt 134
Austin, Texas 78744
210-215-1523ashleybtwmcgee@gmail.com
squealingnerd.net
EDUCATION University of Texas at San Antonio , San Antonio, TX
BA in Liberal Arts , English with Emphasis on Professional Writing, June 2015
GPA: 3.67
PROJECTS Dark Corners : I write and promote blog posts for my personal blog, Dark Cor-
ners. I review Fantasy and Horror novels, independent novels and authors, television
shows, lms, video games, and I discuss heavy metal music, tattoos, and cinema eects
makeup. I focus on increasing readership of my blog through a strategy of content
marketing via social media and SEO.
The Shadow Alliance : I designed the t-shirts for the group, The Shadow Alliance.
The Shadow Alliance is fantasy author Gail Z. Martin's grassroots marketing street
team devoted to promoting the author through user-generated content such as blog
reviews, social media, and word-of-mouth.
COMPUTER
SKILLSSocial Media Content Management Combined three years of experience in man-
aging, curating content, and graphic design for social media. Facebook, Twitter, In-
stagram, and Pinterest.
Graphic Design : Eight combined years of experience in Adobe Photoshop including
CS5 and CS6 and InDesign CS5.
Web Development : Knowledge and understanding of the function of HTML, CSS,
and PHP with experience in troubleshooting.
Email Marketing : Experience generating segmented lists with some automation us-
ing MailChimp
EXPERIENCE Content Marketing PTP Turbo Blankets
May 2014-Present Austin, Texas
I produce our social media content, including some of our graphics. I develope our
content strategies and impliment them upon approval. I maintain our company's on-
line presence and showcase our industry expertise by leveraging our presence in the
automotive racing and performance community.
Content Moderation Specialist Bazaarvoice
January 2013-May 2014 Austin, Texas
I used Bazaarvoice's CRM to analyze and moderate user-generated content in ratings
and reviews for Bazaarvoice clients using pre-determined moderation guidelines for ac-
ceptance or rejection based on usability, appropriateness, and constructive feedback.
Moderators took turns moderating each other to improve our clients' customer ser-
vice, add value to our products and services, promote accuracy, and ensure that each
clients' guidelines were being followed.