Ingrid Vaz Martins
28 years, BrazilianFlat 2b, 34 Blessington Street Dublin 7
D07YF57 Dublin
Ireland
H+353 (083) 429 5775
Bingridvazmartins@gmail.com
Education
2010–2015 Bachelor ,College Pitagoras , Betim - Brazil, Computer Science .
Experience
2017–2018 Junior Developer ,Ats Informatica , Nova Lima.
I worked on bug ﬁxes for so-called SLAs and doing refactoring in the ERP system, aimed at the
wholesale and retail market, in which the technologies used are: Java, TortoiseSVN, Postgres,
MVC, interface framework is JSF. I participated in the communication of the company’s ERP
system with Magento.
2017–2017 Junior Developer ,Data Solution , Belo Horizonte.
I worked on bug ﬁxes and doing refactoring in the ERP system, aimed at dental operators
developed by the company, in which the technologies used are: Java, TortoiseSVN, SQL Server,
MVC, interface framework is JSF.
2015–2017 Trainee Developer ,Memory, Belo Horizonte.
I have done refactoring in the public sector ERP system developed by the company in which the
C ++ programming language and the IDE C ++ Builder 6 are used, making bug ﬁxes when
necessary. I participated in the development of software to manage backups of the company’s
customer databases, it was developed in the Java language using the Eclipse IDE and the
TortoiseSVN, along with the FireBird. Performing the creation and maintenance of an internal
knowledge management in the Moodle tool.
Languages
Portuguese Native
English Intermediate OHC school - Dublin
Knowledge Area
Frontend AngularJS, Angular,Primefaces
Backend Java,Hibernate,Relatórios Ireport,Java Server Faces, MVC, Maven, Spring MVC
Database MySQL, SQL Server and Postgrees
Outros TortoiseSVN, Git, Jenkins, agile methodologies( SCRUM)
About me
I have a lot of determination in my goals and among them are acquiring greater
professional knowledge, learning from a team of professionals and being able to pass on
that knowledge acquired further when necessary. I would like to work in the software
development industry, despite the short period of experience in the development sector,
I have a lot of interest in this area and a lot of willingness to learn new things.