Juan D.Cardozo
/mobile_phone(408) 856 5696 /envelopejcardozo@ucsc.edu /globewww.linkedin.com/in/juandcardozo
github.com/JuanDCardozo
Education
/circle_blankUniversity of California, Santa Cruz Santa Cruz, CA
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, Expected Graduation: June 2017
Honors: Dean’s List (Winter 2016) , AngelHack 2016 1st Place and HackUCSC (2016) 3rd Place.
Related Coursework: Software Engineering, Database Systems I, Artiﬁcial Intelligence, Introduction to Operating Systems,
Mobile Applications and Web Applications.
Programming Languages: JavaScript, Java, C,Python, SQL, HTML, CSS, Prolog, and OCaml.
Frameworks: Node.js, Express.js, Angular.js, Android Studio, Google Analytics and Google AdWords
Work Experience
/circle_blankUniversity of California, Santa Cruz - Educational Partnership Center Santa Cruz, CA
Evaluation Analyst Intern October 2016 - Present
Assist with data collection and analysis from school districts; such as demographic, academic performance and survey data.
Created simple SQL code with Microsoft Access to accelerate the manipulation of data.
Analyzed and generated reports about student and parent data.
Santa Cruz, CA
Lead Data Entry Assistant August 2016 - October 2016
Assist in data collections projects by being a conduit of communication from the Manager to Data Entry Assistants.
Managed multiple projects with tight deadlines and supervised three other employees.
Improved the management of projects by implementing task tracking methods.
Santa Cruz, CA
Data Manager Assistant/Data Entry July 2016 - August 2016
Provide assistance with research projects by updating, maintaining, and processing ﬁles and databases.
Processed more than 3000 sensitive student ﬁles and information in database systems such as SCRIBE and CoBro.
Assisted and oversaw 2 new interns with database, ﬁle management and data training.
/circle_blankOﬁmática S.A. Medellin, Colombia/Online
Web Development and Marketing Manager June 2014 - September 2015
Plan, create and deploy marketing campaigns to increase sales and improve the branding of the company.
Implemented online marketing strategies through Google AdWords that increased sales by 12%.
Tailored the marketing strategy and web services to the commercial goals of the company.
Medellin, Colombia/Online
Digital Marketing Specialist July 2013 - June 2014
Employ Google Analytics to improve the performance of the online marketing strategy.
Increased the online presence of the company by designing an eﬀective website with HTML, CSS and JavaScript.
Conducted research to position the brand in the marketplace for software with Google Analytics.
Software Projects
/circle_blankiTradeU
https://github.com/JuanDCardozo/thingder
E-commerce bartering system prototype created using MongoDB, Angular.js, Express.js and Node.js that allows users to automatically
match and trade items they own for items they desire.
/circle_blankCharisma (AngelHack Silicon Valley 2016 1st Place)
github.com/JuanDCardozo/charisma
A public speaking analytic application that provides metrics of a speech such as clarity, words per minute, speech word composition and
speech to text. The application was developed in node.js and used HPE Haven On Demands API’s.
/circle_blankOnWatch 2.0 (HackUCSC 3rd Place Tech-Cares 2016)
github.com/JuanDCardozo/OnWatch-2.0
Android and Pebble watch silent alert app that tracks the user’s safety levels. It then adjusts the response to dangerous events like
tracking the user’s location, recording events, alerting friends and informing the authorities of the situation.