Bushra Abubaker – Resume
Address Saudi Arabia,
Riyadh
Date of Birth 15thOctober 1990
Nationality SyrianLinkedin URL www.linkedin.com/in/BushraAbubaker
Mobile Phone +0 (966) 504 286370
Email bushra.ghiath@gmail.com
Personal Proﬁle
I am an ambitious and hard-working person who has passionate on making diﬀerence in work and loves
working in challenging environments. When it comes to my work environment, I can be ﬂexible, quickly
adaptable and precise to meet objectives and deadlines.
Work Experience
July 14 - Saudi IntelTec Skyband Company, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
Aug 14 Internship
Education
2012-2015 BSc of Computer and Systems Engineering - Alexandria University, Egypt
Grade: Good
Graduation Project: ”Elderly Assistance Robot” , Distinction grade
2008-2012 BSc of Informatics Engineering - Aleppo University, Syria
non-completed degree
Personal Skills
Programming Languages
Java, C++/C, C#
HTML, XML
R-language, Python, assembly
Database Management Systems
SQL Server, My SQL, Oracle 11g
Miscellaneous
Eclipse, Code Blocks, Visual Studio, SIC/XE assembler, Weka, LadSim - Environments
git-hub, git - source version control
Android, Ubuntu Linux and Microsoft windows - Operating Systems
1 of3Technical skills
Excellent Experience with OOP techniques, Database Design and most Data Structures.
Good Knowledge of Genetics Algorithms and problem Solving Techniques
Good Experience with Android Development.
Good Experience in LAN Maintenance, conﬁguration includes creation of domains, servers, privileges and DHCP.
Good Experience with Socket Programming and Networks Development.
Projects
Gradation Elderly Assistance Robot
Project
This project is aimed to create an indoor autonomous mobile robot that is capable of assisting
elderly people performing their everyday tasks, and provides permanent supervision for detect
emergency cases in real time. Using C++ language and ROS.
This robot using Kinect in detection and navigation, and Arm in pick-up the light objects
and analyzing emergency cases through measurement of blood pressure and heart rate.
Also using FPV techniques to let a person control the robot via his phone. One of the major
Algorithm used in navigation is vSLAM.
Undergradu- Mini OS
ate Projects java
Mini OS is an OS simulation supports features like (single user, multi-tasking, Multithreading
and uniprocessor) and handles scheduling problems, synchronization problem and diﬀerent
thread states (ready, suspend and block).
Wisconsin Mini base Projects
java
Implementation of the famous Mini base projects (Buﬀer Manager, Heap File and B+ Tree).
Huﬀman Compressor and Decompressor
java
Using heap data structure with generic type, heap sort algorithm for sorting elements, and im-
plement priority queue basic operation.
Compiler Project
C++
Implementation of the ﬁrst two phases of Analysis Parts of the compiler. Lexical Analyzer and
Syntax Analyzer.
Reliable Data Transport Protocol
C
Implementing of two techniques to provide a reliable channel, stop-and-wait and selective re-
peat. Implementing congestion control: Additive increase Multiplicative decrease. And Han-
dling time-out.
Automation of Child Auspices Center
C#
Implementing using SQL server 2008 database with visual C# 2010. It manages available beds
and rooms, supervisors in diﬀerent locations, donations, visits and visitors, reinforcement for
education and health and in/outside activities that children participating them.
2 of3Languages
Arabic mothertongue
English IELTS (Academic Module) - score: 5.5
Volunteering Experience
Jan 09 - Ait-pedia Group, Aleppo, Syria
Jan 11 Member
Arab IT pedia is a collaborative research project. The group is a collection of IT engineers and
students.
Jan 09 - Orphans Care Center, Aleppo, Syria
Jan 11 Computer Teacher
3 of3