Sourabh Bajaj Email : mail@website.com
http://www.sourabhbajaj.com Mobile : +1-123-456-7890
Education
Georgia Institute of Technology Atlanta, GA
Master of Science in Computer Science; GPA: 4.00 Aug. 2012 { Dec. 2013
Birla Institute of Technology and Science Pilani, India
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics; GPA: 3.66 (9.15/10.0) Aug. 2008 { July. 2012
Experience
Google Mountain View, CA
Software Engineer Oct 2016 - Present
Tensorow : TensorFlow is an open source software library for numerical computation using data ow graphs;
primarily used for training deep learning models.
Apache Beam : Apache Beam is a unied model for dening both batch and streaming data-parallel processing
pipelines, as well as a set of language-specic SDKs for constructing pipelines and runners.
Coursera Mountain View, CA
Senior Software Engineer Jan 2014 - Oct 2016
Notications : Service for sending email, push and in-app notications. Involved in features such as delivery time
optimization, tracking, queuing and A/B testing. Built an internal app to run batch campaigns for marketing etc.
Nostos : Bulk data processing and injection service from Hadoop to Cassandra and provides a thin REST layer on
top for serving oine computed data online.
Workows : Dataduct an open source workow framework to create and manage data pipelines leveraging
reusables patterns to expedite developer productivity.
Data Collection : Designed the internal survey and crowd sourcing platfowm which allowed for creating various
tasks for crowd sourding or embedding surveys across the Coursera platform.
Dev Environment : Analytics environment based on docker and AWS, standardized the python and R
dependencies. Wrote the core libraries that are shared by all data scientists.
Data Warehousing : Setup, schema design and management of Amazon Redshift. Built an internal app for access
to the data using a web interface. Dataduct integration for daily ETL injection into Redshift.
Recommendations : Core service for all recommendation systems at Coursesa, currently used on the homepage
and throughout the content discovery process. Worked on both oine training and online serving.
Content Discovery : Improved content discovery by building a new onboarding experience on coursera. Using this
to personalize the search and browse experience. Also worked on ranking and indexing improvements.
Course Dashboards : Instructor dashboards and learner surveying tools, which helped instructors run their class
better by providing data on Assignments and Learner Activity.
Lucena Research Atlanta, GA
Data Scientist Summer 2012 and 2013
Portfolio Management : Created models for portfolio hedging, portfolio optimization and price forecasting. Also
creating a strategy backtesting engine used for simulating and backtesting strategies.
QuantDesk : Python backend for a web application used by hedge fund managers for portfolio management.
Projects
QuantSoftware Toolkit : Open source python library for nancial data analysis and machine learning for nance.
Github Visualization : Data Visualization of Git Log data using D3 to analyze project trends over time.
Recommendation System : Music and Movie recommender systems using collaborative ltering on public datasets.
Programming Skills
Languages : Scala, Python, Javascript, C++, SQL, Java Technologies : AWS, Play, React, Kafka, GCE