Kumar Pallav Email : me@kumarpallav.com
http://kumarpallav.com Mobile : +1-206-910-0006
EDUCATION
Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay Mumbai, India
Bachelor of Computer Science and Engineering (with Hons.); CGPA 8.6 /10 Jun 2010 - May 2014
EXPERIENCE
Microsoft Redmond, WA
Software Engineer OneNote Jun 2016 - Present
Magic Ink and Ink Lookup :Worked on recognizing ink strokes into words (using onboard IA) and recognizing
keywords /entities given the context (using custom entity recognition service). Implemented accumulation of images or
interactive widgets (from various online sources) related to the keyword, which could be inserted onto the Whiteboard
canvas.
Whiteboard App :Implemented sharing experience for the new collaboration focused Whiteboard app. Worked on
creating and joining a shared session via OneDrive for Business storage. Also added new XAML components to handle
dialogs within the app.
Content Addins :Implemented content addins, for OneNote desktop app, as small embedded web apps that would get
hosted within managed WebView controls. Created their persistence model and rendering on the desktop application.
Microsoft Vancouver, Canada
Software Engineer OneNote Nov 2014 - May 2016
Embedded Videos and Web Content :Worked on adding ability on OneNote to host web content, making sure it is
backwards compatible. Implemented features to make handling and editing web content on the OneNote page easier.
Added support for this feature on OneNote web app.
Merged Cells for Tables :Added support for spanned cells for tables in OneNote, keeping in mind backwards
compatibility. Implemented these capabilities in OneNote web app.
Realtime Ink :As a ramp up project, prototyped ink collaboration using SignalR web-sockets. Worked on experimenting
load and delay with multiple inputs in realtime.
Oracle Bangalore, India
Software Engineering Intern Apps for Enterprises Nov 2014 - May 2016
Containerization of iOS Apps :Worked on sand-boxing of enterprise applications (containerization) which enable
them to be installed on employee’s iOS devices without worrying about security issues. Implemented wrapping of library
function calls using swizzling, objective-c backend, linker ﬂags and dynamic library injection.
Sandboxed Browser App :Built a demo browser application for iOS. Containerized the app using the custom script, so
that it only works for certain urls.
PROJECTS
Course Allotment Simulation using SAT Solver :As part of Bachelors project, worked on solving the real world problem of
ﬁnding a best course allocation under various constraints as a SAT (Satisﬁability) problem and infer effects of different policies on
course allotment and choices. Studied relative efﬁciency of various heuristics modeled on different solvers like MiniSAT and
Glucose.
IIT Bombay Hospital Digitization :Created a complete web application in Java that could handle operations on relational
MySQL databases to handle various processes of the university hospital.
Simple 2D Physics Engine :Wrote a physics engine for simple round bodies providing a back-end that could generate
coordinates in real-time with collision, gravity, restitution and custom resolution of time.
Social Sea :Create a lightweight social search engine that shows the results ranked (using page-ranking) according to one’s
peer-group search history and rating.
PROGRAMMING SKILLS
Languages : C++, CSharp , JavaScript , Java , C Technologies : NodeJs , UWP , Win32