Vidyarath KateBachelors Of Science - Chemistry
University of Mumbai, Mumbai | Bhavans College
Graduation Date: June 2015
H+91-9702654005
Bvidharth.kate@gmail.comÍwww.linkedin.com/in/vidharth-kate/
vidharth_kate on HackerRank, GitHub, Kaggle
Work Experience
•Senior Product Operation Analyst - Media.net (Oct ’17 – Present)
Mumbai - India
◦Partner with Product operations and Management teams and help shape business objectives by deﬁning business insights and
creating a data visualization dashboards on Tableau for the same.
◦Led project teams, internal and external, to achieve project deﬁned milestones and deliverables.
◦Be the ﬁrst line of contact for the business and sales team for any data request/technical issues/questions.
◦Analyzed data from the day to day business plans and actual statistics to identify proﬁtable revenue growth opportunities/insights
forContent Monetization business unit by creating custom reports.
◦Provided monthly, quarterly and other ad hoc performance reports with strategic recommendations using ROI analysis .
◦Integrated multiple data sources to create dashboards, visual event ﬂows to generate valuable data-driven insights from analysis,
created eﬀective reporting results using tools like Tableau, Druid Analytics, and BigQuery .
◦Developed and optimized various business reports to help Business Development teams to make an eﬀective decision on buying and
selling of performing keywords.
◦Acted as a liaison between several levels of the organization with business process evaluations and improvements.
◦Technologies used, MySQL MS SQL ,Druid Analytics , Apache Hive.
•Research Analyst - DirectI (Media.net) (Oct ’15 – Oct ’17)
Mumbai, India
◦Conducted A/B, multivariate tests & studied user behavior using druid analytics to increase conversions on served keywords on
various publisher domain.
◦Created performance reports of multiple behavioural channels for diﬀerent Business Unit such as Search Engine Monetization (SEM)
◦Understood digital media industry trends, and developed in-depth, vertical-based insights that contributed to higher proﬁt margins
by over 20 per cent .
◦Work on customers portfolio to optimise ad performance by plotting acquisition, behaviour and conversion tunnel.
◦Optimise served keyword terms to higher the conversion rate by 30-40 per cent.
Projects
•Header Bidder - Media.net
Druid Analytics, SQL, Tableau
◦Analyze the data by using druid analytics for better Bidding performance and Created a tableau report on a base of bidding data.
◦Understand the bid-test ﬁeld to determine the best bid for the provided ad slot.
◦Worked on bidder’s data tooptimise the revenue and lower the bid cost .
•Google Analytics Data Cleaning & Visualization Github Link
BigQuery Library, Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn
◦Reading the data from the Google BigQuery public dataset by using BigQuery library .
◦Deﬁning python function to un-nest nested array lists within pandas Data-Frame.
◦Identiﬁed correlation between columns by plotting data using Seaborn and Matplotlib and answered some of the key business
queries.
Skills and Interests
Tools Tableau, Google Analytics, Power BI, Druid Analytics, Kibana, BigQuery
Database Hive, Druid, MS SQL, MySQL
Languages Python , Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, NumPy, HTML, CSS