Naga Jyothi Kunaparaju
2700 JF Kennedy Blvd Apt :414
Jersey City, NJ, 07306
(347)341-3307
jkunaparaju@gmail.com
OBJECTIVE Looking for a challenging position as a Big Data Programmer and help in organiza-
tional growth utilizing my knowledge in Java, Jsp, Scala, Play, Spark.
SUMMERY Sun Certied JAVA Programmer. Have more than 8 years of experience in business
Systems analysis and design. Skilled in requirements gathering, Architect, leading
web development projects. Apart from capability to learn fast, other strong points
are good communication and ability to work under pressure.
EDUCATION MS in Data Science with a Concentration in Business Analytics, May 2017
Saint Peters University, Jersey City, NJ
Bachelors in Electronics and Communication, Jan 1995
JNT University, Hyderabad , India
TECHNOLOGY
SKILLSProgramming Languages: Java, Scala, C-SHARP, COBOL, SAS, R
Web Backend Technologies: Oracle, MySQL, Db2, SQL, HiveSQL, SQL Server, AWS.
Web Frontend Technologies: Play, JSP, Jhtml, XML, Struts, HTML,Hi-Charts, CSS,
Java Script , ATG Dynamo, Weblogic, Tomcat.
Software Engineering: WinCvs, Requirements analysis, UML, Rational Rose, Project
Documentation.
Software: SPARK, Git Hub, JIRA, ant, Intellij, Ecllipse, Visual Studio .
CURRENT
PROJECTSResearch current world bank indicators. Comparing one indicator of choice to
an appropriate summary of the same indicator for the aggregate group.Using
SAS programs analyze data set creating series plots and create a macro that
will allow parameters to pass for dierent countries and dierent indicators that
being analyzed.
Research sociology, geological and Economic factors contributing trac colli-
sions. Analyze data set using various plots and set of statistical regression tools
methodologies.Finalize conclusions to build a predictive model helping future
impacts for trac collisions. Technologies used R studio and Excel and mysql
workbench and SAS Studio.
EXPERIENCE Software Engineer Jan 2015 - Dec 2015
Vectorum, Hyderabad, India
Vectorum is project developed for Machine data analytics built with technologies like
Spark, Scala, play, Hi- charts, which will provide a set of tools for building models, to
predict fault occurrences in Machine sensor data. Modules developed including Data-
cleansing, graphical interfaces with HI-Charts, Streaming and Statistics using spark
Machine learning libraries. Performance of the all modules tested with streaming
through Tera bytes of Machine data. As part of core team in-addition to taking part in
development, oversee the team activities by arranging conferences and communicating
between team membersDesigned and developed data Extraction module. Created GUI for extracting
data and saving it according to the user choice.
Data cleaning and custom formatting to implement business rules.
Removing NAN's and NA's from RDD before building models and graphs.
Technologies : Scala, Java Script, Css, Html, Play, Mysql, spark, Json, Hi-charts,
Hdfs, HiveSql
Developer June 2014 - Dec 2014
Till9.com, Visakhapatnam, India
Designed a website that caters specically to attendees of conferences, and facilitates
networking among attendees for various conferences arranged by organizations. The
website accommodates the functionality to be customized to each conference where
the members can create and join groups based on their preferences and the proles
of others.
Technologies : Java1.6, Css, Html, JSP, Mysql, Tomcat, Eclipse, AWS, JDBC
Software Engineer June 2004Oct 2014
Planet Asia, Bangalore, India
Maintenance of Apartments Rental and Senior Housing website. Developed intra-net
application to maintain employee proles.
Technologies : ATG Dynamo, Web logic, Tomcat, Java, J2ee, Jsp, Struts, JavaScript,
Jhtml, Rational rose, Html
Software Engineer March 2000Sept 2003
Move.com, Losangeles, CA, USA
move.com(Former HomeStore.com) is apartment rentals and Real Estate media busi-
ness leader. Ocial web site provider for Realtors in America.
Participated on many projects which include integrating websites during merger
between Home store and Move.com.
Architect and Led the team, senior housing.net. Involved in major decisions
and requirement gathering along with product development team.
Developed a prototype rental website using C sharp, ASP dot Net to evaluate
feasibility to convert technologies.
Streamlined the Project documentation by industry standards. .
Technologies : ATG Dynamo, Web logic, Tomcat, Java 1.2,1.3, Jsp, Jdbc, Struts,
JavaScript, Jhtml, C Sharp, Oracle, Mysql, Wincvs, Eclipse, NetBeans, Visual Stu-
dio, Rational-rose, CSS
Consultant May 1998 - Oct 1999
Sai Software Consulting, Dallas, USA
Ecruise.com : E-cruise lets passengers talk directly to Cruise lines, to leading
cruise travel experts. Cruisers nd complete a-z information, from planning to
booking to packing to exploring ports of call.Technologies :Jhtml, ATG Dynamo, Java1.1
Genisis (Carson city): Genisis is project developed for DMV for state of Nevada.
Actively worked on the Licensing module, which creates new occupational li-
censes and vehicle registrations.
Technologies :Oracle, Db2, COBOL, Java 1.1
MCI Cedar Rapids : Designed Intra-net application using Java servlets, HTML,
JAVA Applets, which is accessed by Customer service representatives all over
USA which will allow to Change the Status of customers.
Technologies : JAVA 1.1, JDBC, AWT, Oracle, Java Webserver, Servlets
Engineer June 1996 - April 1998
Visakhapatnam Steel Plant, Visakhapatnam, India Projects Worked : Maintenance
of Production planning and control systems, Parts Inventory, Material Design
Technologies : IBM 3090, Oracle 7.1, PLSQL, COBOL, DB2, CICS
COMMUNITY
SERVICEParticipated in setting up Arogya Vikas health checkup camps in Rural areas. The
focus for Arogya Vikas Health Camp is disease prevention, screening, and health ed-
ucation. Dedicated in working with the group to conduct a cancer screening program
with community participation. http://vtsbharath.org/general-health-camps/
Volunteer May 2008 - June 2010
References Professor Sylvain Jaume, Data Science Graduate Director, Saint Peter's Uni-
versity, sjaume@saintpeters.edu
Suman Gandham, Database Architect, move.com, sgandham@move.com