Allen (Zepeng) Zhao
Phone: +13857227349
Email: u0836547@utah.edu
Github: https://github.com/allenfromuMail Address: 8086 South Heywood Drive,
West Jordan,Utah, 84081
EDUCATION Shenzhen University , Shenzhen, China
Bachelor of Science , Mathematics, Sep, 2010 - May, 2012
University of Utah , Salt Lake City, UT
Bachelor of Science , Computer Science, May, 2012 - Present GPA: 3.76
COMPUTER
SKILLSAdvanced Programming Languages : C++, Java
Other Programming Languages : C, Python, SQL, C#, Go, Scala, L ATEX.
Web Development : HTML, CSS, JavaScript, Jquery, Bootstrap, Hakyll.
Applications : Eclipse, Visual Studio, Android Studio, Github, VirtualBox, MySQL,
Elasticsearch.
Operating Systems : Unix, Linux, Mac OSX, Windows, Android.
EXPERIENCE Web Development Intern NosqlRevolution
Summer, 2014 West Jordan, UT
Use Elasticsearch database management system to store real time twitter data at the
local server. Use Java Jersey framework to connect to the elastisearch server and
query the data in the database management system. In the front end, use AngularJS
to communicate with the Web server and display the information in a webpage.
Teaching Assistant for CS1410 University of Utah
Fall, 2014 Salt Lake City, UT
Hold lab sections, oce hours to teach students how to reach a problem and resolve it.
Write auto-grader to grade assignment in Python and grade weekly assignments
Undergraduate Research Assistant University of Utah
Spring, 2015 till present Salt Lake City, UT
Build educational software for Finiate State Automata teaching using iPython,
Python and Javascript.
Implement Open-Chord(Distributed Hash Table) in Scala.
Implement Paxos in Scala.
Create educational software for clustering algorithm teaching using d3.js
Rebuild CPU Website using Hakyll, Jquery, Bootstrap, bibtex.js
GRADUATE
LEVEL
PROJECTSMinibase System : Implement a database system in C++. The semester long project
implementations include the heaple page, buer manager, B+ tree, external sorting
algorithm and sort-merge join.
Distributed Systems : Implement 4 distributed systems in Go langauage, including
Mapreduce, Primary/back service with view service, paxos libarary and multi-paxos
key/value store, shard key/value store with paxos peers.
INTERESTS Programming, Software Development